Update %load_node docs to make requirements more explicit (#3658)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/notebooks_and_ipython/kedro_and_notebooks.md

* `pipelines` (type `dict[str, Pipeline]`): Pipelines defined in your [pipeline registry](../nodes_and_pipelines/run_a_pipeline.md#run-a-pipeline-by-name)
* `session` (type {py:class}`~kedro.framework.session.session.KedroSession`): [Kedro session](../kedro_project_setup/session.md) that orchestrates a pipeline run

> In addtion, it also run `%load_ext kedro.ipython` automatically when you launch the notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addtion, it also runs `%load_ext kedro.ipython` automatically when you launch the notebook.
```

``` {note}
This is still an experimental feature and is currently only available for Jupyter Notebook (>7.0), Jupyter Lab, IPython, and VSCode Notebook. If you encounter unexpected behaviour or would like to suggest feature enhancements, add it under [this github issue](https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/issues/3580).
```

> You can load the contents of a node in your project into a series of cells using the `%load_node` line magic. To use `%load_node`, you need to fulfill two requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can load the contents of a node in your project into a series of cells using the `%load_node` line magic. To use `%load_node`, the node you want to load needs to fulfil two requirements:
```

> - The node need to have a name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The node needs to have a name
```

- The node's inputs need to be persisted

> You can find [examples of creating node with name](../nodes_and_pipelines/nodes.md#how-to-create-a-node). By default, Kedro save data in memory. To persist the data, you can [register dataset in `DataCatalog`](../tutorial/create_a_pipeline.md#preprocessed-data-registration).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find [examples of creating nodes with names](../nodes_and_pipelines/nodes.md#how-to-create-a-node). By default, Kedro saves data in memory. To persist the data, you need to [declare the dataset in the Data Catalog](../tutorial/create_a_pipeline.md#preprocessed-data-registration).
```

> You can find [examples of creating nodes with names](../nodes_and_pipelines/nodes.md#how-to-create-a-node). By default, Kedro saves data in memory. To persist the data, you need to [declare the dataset in the Data Catalog](../tutorial/create_a_pipeline.md#preprocessed-data-registration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [section about creating nodes with names](../nodes_and_pipelines/nodes.md#how-to-create-a-node) explains how to ensure your node has a name. By default, Kedro saves data in memory. To persist the data, you need to [declare the dataset in the Data Catalog](../tutorial/create_a_pipeline.md#preprocessed-data-registration).
```

``` {note}

> Node name need to be unique within the pipeline. With the absence of user defined name, Kedro generates one using a combination of the function name, inputs and outputs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The node name needs to be unique within the pipeline. In the absence of a user defined name, Kedro generates one using a combination of the function name, inputs and outputs.
```

within the pipeline or within the project? 🤔

Author: Technically it's a `Pipeline` object, so in theory you can have the same name in two different Pipeline, definitely a bad practice though.
